0|Overpriced, salty and overrated!!! Why this place is so popular I will never understand.
1|Fun bar, and instead of typical bar food they lean towards Greek dishes. The blue grass jam on Wednesdays is a lot of fun and not too loud to still enjoy a conversation. Decent beer prices, pretty good selection.
0|Really poor service and way overpriced. You could make much better choices.They do not keep to a high standard of service.
1|pretty good food, fantastic atmosphere, slightly overpriced, but not unreasonable for the quality and atmosphereThe rooms are not worth the money.
0|First time here , only thing nice about this place is the location. The food from the frozen baked wings , bland Mac and cheese , tasteless stuffed brisket burger , and let's not forget the pepperoni pizza that Sam's food club can do better . This has to be the worse bar food for game watching in Charlotte, NC .
0|Great service, but this is honestly the worst food I have ever eaten out at a restaurant in my life. I dont suggest going here for food EVER (maybe for the drink specials and hookah but nothing else).
1|I did not use his service because he told me that the corrections that I needed in my clothes would not look good after.  He could have just done it and take the money, but he preferred to advise me and not do the work. Definitely will be back when I need something to be done.
0|I can't anymore. It's too busy here and service is not as fast as other Mickey D's with this kind of volume. Customers are rude too.
1|My family and I have gone to this location several times and the wait has never been too long and the food has always been doggy bag worthy.
0|Good bread, but steakums is not a cheesesteak make. Stick with cold subs.
1|a classic. nothing else to say.
1|this place is solid,  you will never feel ripped off, ever.
1|Fast food Chinese is generally not that exciting, but I must say this place really was quite impressive. Very fresh tasting ingredients with a lot of good flavors, all served hot and with a smile. What more could you ask for?
0|Nice atmosphere. Cheeseburger was not all that.
0|Friendly staff and nice selection of vegetarian options.  Food is just okay, not great.  Makes me wonder why everyone likes Food Fight so much.
0|I avoid this place!  They play extrememly loud music on Saturday nights till 2am. I will not go there until they change their practices.
0|Service was not good, they forgot about us after our dinner was served. Chips tasted stale.
0|If you're on a budget this place is probably 4 star however it's not for me. It's very bland- not something I'd expect from a Mexican restaurant.
0|Been trying for 30 mins on and off to order a delivery. I get voice mail and nothing else.
1|Some the best Indian food in the valley. I am reluctant to give five star on any place, always being the explorer, but I would go 4.5 because there is not damn TV and the atmosphere is excellent.
1|Ordered burgers from there tonight just to get something different for a change, amazing meat cooked as per ordered, great service, I have to say they did burgers as good as anyone else if not better! Kobe and chop house!
0|nothing to rave about this place. service was poor and the food was bad. I know, I shouldn't expect much on cajun food in phoenix. but I'm always up for an adventure.
0|This location is not as stellar as others. They usually have a bit of a wait and the regular employees do not seem thrilled to be there. The food is fine but the customer service alone makes it a chore to stop by.
1|I love Postino's! Great food and wine. The only downside is that it is on the smaller side and cannot always accomodate large groups.
0|I do not recommend.
1|while I didn't purchase anything here the service was super fantastic!
0|It's a real shame when I go to apply for a job and I get spammed relentlessly with Sprint emails now. After this type of behavior, not interested in employment with this company.
1|Did a lot of shopping around, his prices were the best. Josh does excellent work, though not always in a timely fashion. He seems to have more business than he can handle & could probably use help.
1|This is a very clean course not to over the top but what a location.  This area is developing so fast, the course brings increased value to the growth.
0|The lunch buffet is $6.50, but it is awful.  Horrendous Chinese food. I will not be returning.
0|Went to dinner tonight and got horrible service, nothing worse than serving you a semi-warm overpriced beer in a warm glass. Food was ok way overpriced.
0|they make smaller tables wait longer to be sat and the food is not that great you can get better food at mid level steakhouse.
1|I have been here a handful of times now. Although I am not a fan of their Soft Tofu, everything else seems to be well-prepared. They also have good side dishes.
1|Great guys, very honest I never felt pressured when it came to the recommended service on my truck. They also offer a 2 year 24k mile warranty on their work.
0|I use to love their concert but tonight it was nothing but soup with large globs of what should have been 'mix ins'.  At over $5 a container it was very disappointing.
1|Brings the taste of the islands here in AZ.  We have been eating here for several years and never had a bad meal.
0|I have since found out that Bob Evans sold this off and they have gone to a more French menu.  This explains the reduction of choices.  I am not impressed and will likely never go to Mimi's again unless there is a change in the menu.
0|We ventured to Feedbag tonight and were not impressed with the food. The service was very good and portion sizes were nice but the instant macaroni and cheese and instant mashed potatoes left us disappointed.
1|Always a favorite.  Took my wife for Mothers Day and was not disappointed.  If you want a good seafood dinner and don't want to make reservations I highly recommend.
0|I love nordstrom, but not this one. Customer service is absolutely horrible! Employees are rude and completely unhelpful.
0|Its a salad buffet, thats it! It's boring.  It's clean, good service, but its not exciting.
1|The best OBGYN practice you will find in Phoenix. Dr. Hlavachek is caring, attentive, and a real person that connects with you as another woman, not just a patient.
1|The only items worth getting here are the pollo blanco enchiladas, the chimichanga or the mexican pizza. The trifecta will not disappoint. If you order anything else, don't come complaining to me!
0|I'm shocked to see so many positive reviews.  Bread is subpar, staff at the location is rude, or at least they were to us.  Definately will not return to this store, nor purchase any of their products (which are sold under many different names).
0|If ur not a middle aged or older women from scottsdale and loaded don't plan on getting any help. There's some great furniture and the name says it all Fiesta.
0|At best this is mediocre food, the hot sauces were not, the chili rellano was a rice filled burrito with one strip of chile and no rellano. Don't go here.
0|This place has tasteless food that is over priced. It is not very far from my house and would be easy to stop at but I choose to go to Suzie's, or Poncho's in Phoenix. If you want good Mexican food do your self a favor and go somewhere else.
1|I went here to get my prom dress tailored a few days before my prom and they did a great job with it! The price was pretty reasonable for the alteration too, nothing crazy.
0|The sushi was not at all good. The service was on the poor side. Our one and only visit was not enjoyable.
1|Hot bagels is a quick easy stop on my way to work.  I always get the breakfast sandwich double toasted and have never been disappointed.
1|Really an enjoyable Macy's. not too big but has all your needs. Customer service is also good!
1|As far as fast food goes they do well; never a long wait, employees are friendly, and orders are correct.
1|my go to haircut place. nothing fancy, not expensive, and get $2 off every time I go there by checking in on my phone.
0|I work pretty close by this wendys and every time I go there they always get my order wrong and the food is never fresh. It's disappointing .
0|Food is nothing more than ok. Service is horrible. I wish people would stop going there so they can learn their lesson.
0|Food may be decent, but when mixed with horrible service and CASH ONLY, I think not.
0|If you want good Mexican food do not go here. It's the Mexican version of mcdonalds and I will never have it again.
0|I found the food here to be positively awful.  I went because I saw a Food Channel show on BBQ culture in the South, and it gave me a craving that this place cured, but did not satisfy. Yuck.
0|The service was good but the course not so good.  Wouldn't play here again.
1|Really quick, cheap and delicious! I got a tofu and rice dish. Large portion, not greasy and very delicious!
0|Beer was good but food was mediocre at best. I will not be going there ever again because I did not feel welcome. Not impressed with service.
1|Good food, great bar atmosphere with lots of TVs! Beer specials could be better, but certainly not the worst. Outside patio is an amazing space to watch the games.
1|What a pleasure to have my first NC inspection here!  I was helped promptly, not overcharged for the brake light bulb I needed, and I got to watch HGTV while I waited.
0|Tried the fish tacos and they weren't really exciting. The place seems like a nice place to hang out and grab some drinks with friends but it's not worth a special trip.
0|Mediocre food, average atmosphere. it did not live up to the billing it had been given by a friend.
0|Used to love this place. But they are always rude and they never fail to get my order terribly wrong.
1|Exploring this old downtown area I was not expecting to find this!  Cool Comic Book store!  The owner was very friendly and knowledgeable!
0|This was my first time trying Culvers. It's nothing special and is comparable to Wendy's or any other fast food burger place.
0|The serving is good, but the steak dinner is not that good, also the sauce for the fried squid is strange.
0|This place has spent more effort on tv screens than its food which was dry and tasteless. Total waste of time, definitely not coming back.
0|Disappointing and not very good.
1|I have never had a bad meal at Uncle Sal's. This is the type of italian place that has you unbuttoning your pants at the end of your meal AND taking left overs home! Great wine selection too!
1|This is easily one of the best sandwich shops in Arizona. I usually get the white widow, but I've never had a bad sandwich. Everyone here is great, as is the atmosphere.
1|Modern bohemian atmosphere with hearty vegan menu that wont leave you empty. The spicy is not too spicy and the sauces are just right. Great place for good food.
1|I really do enjoy this place, great food, wonderful staff. The food selection is what you would expect, nothing but 5 Stars here, from the moment you are seated to the time you leave.
1|The best place to eat breakfast. We eat here several times a week and are never disappointed.
0|No nothing has changed I hate this place. Most of the food was cold it's over priced and don't have that home cooked love.
1|It was wonderful.  It's not cheap but they are not cheap on the serving sizes and quality.  I think I was over served with some great food.
0|A beautiful decorum does not make for their terrible pizza.
0|It's not a bad place if you hate money and like leaving restaurants still hungry. I never need to bother eating here again.
1|Quite delicious for brunch. I am not normally a sweet breakfast food person, however the buckwheat waffle with a mimosa seems to be a perfect combination.
1|I have eaten here many a times and I highly recommend. I have never had a problem and the food is pretty good.
0|I am not sure what happened to this place, but the music is blasting, the service is terrible and what a shame, because this was a nice place .
1|Great food with fast service. Food spice was not as spicy & I had expected, hot spicy was about low spicy.
1|Love going there never had a bad meal yet.  Go at least twice a month.
1|I had a delious chicken filly deluxe sub. Everything is freshly made. The chicken is grilled and very tender and not dried out.
1|Cannot request level of spiciness of the pad Thai when ordering online. I wanted no spicy but it wasnt too bad anyway. I can deal with a little spice.
0|Extremely over-rated, not at all worth the hype or the price. Would not recommend this place to anyone - unless you are truly desperate to waste your money.
0|I'm not surprised this place is closing.  The staff was abrasive, the clothing was over priced, even on sale.
1|This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Not exactly fine dining, but for the price, nothing beats an original and a bowl of tomato soup.
0|First time and I wasn't impressed. Chicken is flavorless, dry and way too pricey. Will not return.
0|Just ok. The service was good, the food, not so much.
0|Its ok but I never seem to enjoy myself when I am here. I would rather drink at home.
1|Great service. Amazing food and almost never a wait. The Thai tea is excellent too.
1|One of the top breakfast spots in Phoenix.  Not as good as Matt's, but not as crowded either.
0|First time in visiting here. the food was good but its not worth a second visit after the terrible and rude service we got.
1|Great beer selection.  I've never eaten here but its a good place to grab a drink.  prices are decent.
1|Really good selection, and not too salty in flavor like some other places.
0|I love Grimaldi's pizza. But I will not come to this location anymore everytime I come to service is horrible.
1|The food is awesome never had better meat than here, Good quality.